viewer on the exciting movies channel
today i will tell you about the movie
source code
everything's gonna be okay
captain colter stevens wakes up on the
train to chicago confusion in his head
he cannot understand how he ended up in
this car
an unfamiliar girl is sitting opposite
she calls him sean and is surprised that
he is behaving strangely
captain stevens tells her that he is not
who she thinks he is that he is a u.s
air force helicopter pilot and that he
is on a mission in afghanistan
the girl only laughs in response she
thinks her friend and colleague sean is
just joking for colder stevens the
situation is even stranger he sees in
the reflection of the glass not his own
face but the face of some other person
he gets scared runs to the toilet to
look in the mirror a stranger stares at
him from there
stevens rummages in his pockets finds a
wallet with a driver's license they have
the same man in the mirror and his name
is sean fantress
the stranger tries to calm him down says
that everything will be fine
at this moment the train explodes
[Music]
captain colter stevens wakes up in a
dark multi-faceted capsule with seat
belts fastened to one of the edges
strange and unfamiliar memories attack
his brain a woman's voice comes from
somewhere above the captain again cannot
understand where he is the last thing he
remembers is the operation in
afghanistan in which he participated
colter stevens looks at the source of
the sounds the monitor broadcasting a
video from the military headquarters has
a woman on it she knows the captain
to save him from disorientation a woman
in a military uniform launches a special
sequence of associations
after them captain stevens remembers her
name goodwin
he asks her to connect him with his
father coulter wants to talk to him but
goodwin refuses she asks to tell about
the explosion and everything that
happened on the train
when stevens cannot give details she
asks him to get back on the train and
find the bomb
the captain thinks that he was pushed
into a simulation tries to argue but
goodwin returns him to the same carriage
in the place of sean fantress
stevens is amazed at how well the
virtual environment is but there is no
time to be surprised he was given only
eight minutes
the captain looks around notes the
details that distinguish each passenger
remembers from which side the explosion
thundered last time he realizes that the
bomb is hidden in the toilet runs there
and searches the cramped booth an
explosive device is in the ventilation
he asks goodwin for a hint but she
doesn't answer then stevens decides to
introduce himself as a security officer
and asks everyone in the car to turn off
the electronic devices so he will
exclude the activation of the fuse
because of this a commotion begins on
the train coulter has to hit one of the
passengers but it doesn't help
another explosion throws him into the
capsule where goodwin's face is again on
the screen
stevens demands to call the chief in
this assignment the head of the
operation
goodwin refuses she informs the pilot
that he has been with them for two
months
asked to tell where the bomb was and
whether he identified the terrorist
goodwin also says that people's lives
depend on the actions of the captain
when he asks for at least something
about the situation goodwin in
consultation with doctor
rutledgeam the leader of this mission
gives an explanation she reports that a
bomb went off near chicago this morning
all the passengers were killed and we
are talking about the train in which
captain stevens is carried goodwin also
says that sean fantrace whose body the
colder wakes up in died on the train and
if stevens doesn't find the terrorist
more explosions will occur
gathering his strength coulter recalls
that the bomb was hidden in the closet
goodwin asks him to return to the train
and take a closer look at all the
passengers find those who behave
suspiciously perhaps one of them will
turn out to be a terrorist she stops
stevens from arguing and loads him onto
the train
[Music]
when he wakes up he tries to figure out
which of the passengers is dangerous
even asks for help from a stranger who
calls him sean but it turns out to be
useless
along the way coulter finds out that the
girl's name is christina and they are
fellow teachers
then he notices an agitated and
frightened man who gets out at the
nearest station
trying to save christina from a train
that is about to explode stevens in a
sudden impulse kisses her and asks to go
after him
they are in a hurry to see where the
unusual passenger will go
leaving christina at the station the
coulter follows the man tries to prevent
a terrorist attack but he fails a train
explodes in the distance
he realizes that he was mistaken and
chose the wrong person stevens gets into
a fight with the passenger the captain
falls onto the tracks where he is hit by
a train and is transported to his
capsule
[Music]
an eerie cold rains inside stevens asks
goodwin for help but she is silent she
and dr ratligham are trying to fix the
problem coulter realizes that he is
about to freeze he takes matters into
his own hands
tries to get the life support system
back online connects several wires and
gets warmer inside the capsule
the captain restored the work of the
monitor but instead of goodwin on it the
face of dr ratledge appeared
stevens tells him that he tried to save
the girl and wants to do the same trick
with the rest but ratlidge considers it
pointless
he tries to explain to the captain how
their technology the source code works
stevens is not loaded into the past but
into the version of reality that was
preserved in the brain of sean fantras
and they do this for the sole purpose of
the captain using the data in the memory
of phantras to find the terrorist
moreover all these people are already
dead they died in the train that
exploded this morning
when stevens realizes how important his
mission is he is loaded back with new
instructions
coulter tries to steal the pistol that
goodwin spoke of from the conductor's
compartment with his help he planned to
interrogate passengers but he is grabbed
and knocked out with a shock by the
conductors
[Music]
it was too late when the coulter woke up
he is handcuffed to the rail and
christina is next to him
after a short conversation the train
explodes
once in the capsule stevens again asks
for permission to call his father but
goodwin doubts that this is a good idea
when coulter insists she promises to try
to tie him to his father if the captain
completes the mission
he is sent back to the train stevens
asks christina to find information about
captain colter stevens on the internet
find out what happened to him
he himself goes to search suspicious
passengers the new tactic does not work
all he has achieved is to frighten the
passengers
coulter asks the woman for a phone
number to call he finds out where the
capsule in which he is being kept as in
calls this institution
during the call christina informs him
that colter stevens died in afghanistan
two months ago
something is happening the picture of
reality is shaking other images appear
through it memories of where the culture
is sees his military colleagues
due to a crash stevens is transferred to
his capsule he tells goodwin that he
learned about his death and asks to
confirm it
she says that it is true that he died
but part of his brain remains active and
the capsule with monitors is just an
illusion it was drawn by the captain's
brain so that the coulter could be
somewhere while communicating with
goodwin
realizing this the captain is frightened
its capsule grows increases in size
dr rutledge explains to him that
everything he does takes place in
another reality but it also benefits
from the reality in which the explosion
has already occurred and where the
rutledge himself is now
he says that stevens will have to die
again and again on this train until he
finds the terrorist
in return for this rupledge promises
that when stevens completes the task he
will let him die for real
dr ratlidge decides to take matters into
his own hands he thinks that the captain
is too ceremonious he loads him into
sean's body many times but the culture
never finds the terrorist
in order to motivate the captain
ratlidge includes a recording of a
conversation with his father where he
talks about his deceased son it works
waking up on the train stevens finds a
bomb and turns off the fuse
it turns out to be a cell phone he calls
from the fuse's phone a man picks up the
phone and the coulter leaves the toilet
to find the right person
he sees a passenger talking on the phone
takes him for a criminal and searches
him with a pistol but he was only
talking to his wife
then stevens calls again noticing the
guy on the platform answering his cell
phone
the captain follows him but does not
have time to get off the train before he
leaves
stevens jumps out on the move
[Music]
christina notices this and asks to stop
the lineup coulter tracks down the
unknown finds his wallet and learns that
his name is derrick frost
derek gets into the white van but
stevens doesn't let him leave
he reveals his cards says that he knows
who derek is and he in turn shows that
there is a new and larger bomb in the
van
christina appears in the parking lot she
got off the train
coulter is distracted by her giving
derek frost a chance to escape
he shoots stevens kills christina and
calmly leaves to arrange another
terrorist attack
the train meanwhile explodes again
coulter tells goodwin and ratlija the
terrorist's name his van number he says
he completed the mission and asks to be
returned to the train before the body is
disconnected from the life support
system
he wants to save all the passengers but
the ratlidge refuses
derek's van is tracked frost himself is
arrested and the bomb is diffused
all project participants are celebrating
goodwin alone sits in the workplace
stevens persuades her to load him onto
the train again and shut off his body
when eight minutes have elapsed
goodwin agrees
i'm gonna save her goodwin
once on the train colter stevens finds
the bomb and disarms it by removing both
fuses
then he stops derrick frost the captain
handcuffs the terrorists to the handrail
says that his attacks will not come true
he calls the police from derek's phone
reports explosive devices and that the
perpetrator is on the train
i am a sick
and pathetic human being
after finishing off the terrorist
coulter sends an email from his phone to
goodwin
then he calls his father introducing
himself to captain steven's co-workers
after a short conversation he decides to
spend the last moments of his life with
dignity
makes one of the passengers a tv
comedian make the whole car laugh
then he kisses christina preparing to
die but nothing happens
coulter continues to live in sean's body
at the base goodwin sneaks into the room
where what remains of captain steven's
body is located
she locks herself in a room while the
rattlage in the military try to break
the lock
when the eight minutes are up goodwin
shuts down life support and the coulter
dies
another good one from the reality in
which stevens now finds himself comes to
work and receives a message from an
unknown person
he introduces himself as captain colter
stevens and says that their technology
the source code made it possible to
neutralize the terrorist
moreover she created a parallel reality
where goodwin is now
she doesn't believe but then she hears
people talking about a failed terrorist
attack on the train
colter and christina are walking around
chicago at this time they are happy to
be together now
stevens recognizes in their walk the
moments that have already appeared in
his memories after being unloaded into
the capsules
subscribe and like if you like the video
the more reactions i see the more often
videos will come out
all good
[Music]
you